docs: add migration for v3 resource keys (#1198)
unoplatform/Uno.Themes: doc/material-migration.md

﻿---
uid: uno.themes.material.migration
---

# Updating to Uno.Material v3

> Version 3.x of Uno.Material introduces support for [Lightweight Styling](lightweight-styling.md) as well as some breaking changes to the default style keys for some controls. The tables below provide details on the changes that have been made to the resource keys within Uno.Material.

Reviewer: Should we add an additional sentence regarding the fact that most resources are now placed in theme dictionaries because of that so need to use "ThemeResource" instead of "StaticResource" when using them ?

> Version 3.x of Uno.Material introduces support for [Lightweight Styling](lightweight-styling.md) as well as some breaking changes to the default style keys for some controls. The tables below provide details on the changes that have been made to the resource keys within Uno.Material.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uno.Material v3 (not to be confused with Material 3 from Material Design) introduces support for [Lightweight Styling](lightweight-styling.md) as well as some breaking changes to the default style keys for some controls. Refer to the document below for the changes that have been made within Uno.Material.
```

Reviewer 2: i would move ##Styles and ##Resources each to a separate file, and link them here
these two files, dont need to be added to the toc.yml

Author: I feel like we should keep them here as a single spot for all migration information. If we move them then I just create `material-migration-v3-styles.md` and `-v3-resources.md` pages?

I'm worried people will miss the relevant information if they just quickly scan this migration doc and don't see the information they are looking for,

## Styles

### Removed

Key|TargetType
-|-|
DefaultMaterialCalendarViewStyle|CalendarView|
MaterialSecondaryCheckBoxStyle|CheckBox|
MaterialSecondaryRadioButtonStyle|RadioButton|

> ### Added/Modified

Reviewer: Can we maybe separate the Added ones from the Modified ones :) ?

# Updating to Uno.Material v3

> Uno.Material v3 (not to be confused with [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/) from Google) introduces support for [Lightweight Styling](lightweight-styling.md) as well as some breaking changes to the default style keys for some controls. Refer to the document below for the changes that have been made within Uno.Material.

Reviewer 2: if you are not moving them into separate file:
```suggestion
Uno.Material v3 (not to be confused with [Material Design 3](https://m3.material.io/) from Google) introduces support for [Lightweight Styling](lightweight-styling.md) as well as some breaking changes to the default style keys for some controls. Refer to the tables below for the changes that have been made within Uno.Material.
```
